README.markdown, before:

# Nice Urls, Simple CMS

Provides a simple Content management system that provides pages with nice urls, such as
	http://www.domain.com/homepage
	http://www.domain.com/about

## Installation

Activate by putting in the top level directory, and setting the server to redirect all pages to index.php.

1. Place the nus files in the sites top level directory.
	- Placing it in a lower directory should also work if `parentdir = ""` is changed to `parentdir = "directory/"` in config.ini. However, this is untested so far.
2. Set up the redirection as shown below.

## Redirection

### Apache
Use the included .htaccess, or put something to this effect into the existing .htaccess or server .conf files

	ErrorDocument 404 /index.php

This redirects all pages to nus, unless they exist as a file on the server.

Sending particular pages to
	/index.php?page=name
should also work.

## Basic Structure

1. Visiting a page opens NUS at index.php 
2. Get settings from config.ini
3. Get classes from lib.php
4. Find $page->name
5. Find requested page in directory
	-	Loop though pages directory trying each allowed ext until one is found
	-	If no file is found
		+ Restart finding page with for a 404 page
		+	If the 404 page has not been found, die()
	-	Set $page, $ext and $setting
6. Use $page->setting to decide how to echo the page
7. Echo page into output buffer
8. Echo theme, inserting page into it.

Commit message:

Added proper rewrite rules, and removed functions releated to finding the

README.markdown, after:

# Nice Urls, Simple CMS

Provides a simple Content management system that provides pages with nice urls, such as
	http://www.domain.com/homepage
	http://www.domain.com/about

## Installation

Activate by putting in the top level directory, and setting the server to redirect all pages to index.php.

1. Place the nus files in the sites top level directory.
	- Placing it in a lower directory should also work if `parentdir = ""` is changed to `parentdir = "directory/"` in config.ini. However, this is untested so far.
2. Set up the redirection as shown below.

## Redirection

### Apache
Use the included .htaccess, or put something to this effect into the existing .htaccess or server .conf files

	ErrorDocument 404 /index.php
	
Putting this in the .conf works as well, and works slightly better ($_GETS will be passed to the page):

	RewriteEngine On
	RewriteCond %{DOCUMENT_ROOT}%{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
	RewriteCond %{DOCUMENT_ROOT}%{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
	RewriteRule ^(.+)$	/index.php?page=$1 [QSA]

This redirects all pages to nus, unless they exist as a file on the server.

## Basic Structure

1. Visiting a page opens NUS at index.php 
2. Get settings from config.ini
3. Get classes from lib.php
4. Find $page->name
5. Find requested page in directory
	-	Loop though pages directory trying each allowed ext until one is found
	-	If no file is found
		+ Restart finding page with for a 404 page
		+	If the 404 page has not been found, die()
	-	Set $page, $ext and $setting
6. Use $page->setting to decide how to echo the page
7. Echo page into output buffer
8. Echo theme, inserting page into it.
